this was babe shank red lite brix p is
no shaved head no backup no cave in you
can do what I'm doing I'm staying ahead
and I see you near your clone no Arnold
Schwarzenegger you can get it when I get
it when I'm robbing their Johnny back
each other you did i'll be back and I'm
flicking and I played a video like Billy
Madison I'm back to school and I've been
doing my pain when I'm holding out
without telling you grab that I'm back
cool and I know when I
you see that I made a man i'm getting
their light at 18 and I'm bear like
Peyton Manning and without me decorative
edge snuff without is doing everything
you want when I gear but I do a light
mickey d's and those golden arches you
get a mcrib same bands did you write
this I've been feeling everything and
despite this I'm gonna get it when the
pain when I looking back on the tricking
up a second theme did I might guess I
forget it when the high luck baby I wrap
the logical like I'm fucking I'm Simba
are you coming home and I'm returning
back to the Pride Rock you get it and
that's life a life get it when you get
it when i started i come on tell you let
the pain and i'm back yeah baby go ahead
and start United a
it's just me
Oh
just
the music
let me get when I got this this boot
well let me drop this cuz I've been
there picking these topics in my ma baby
you can't stop this and I been missing
this mike missing this view missing this
time when i'm missing with you when they
did when I baby I bleed cuz i got this
one night and that's all I need
fink in the movie
me
come see
just
sure